documentation/faq/pricing.md, before:

---
currentMenu: faq_pricing
---

# Pricing
##### How much does Frontender cost?
Pricing is based on the number of spaces and scopes you require.  
Plans are available from €49 per month, more information about prices and plans can be found on the <a href="https://getfrontender.com/pricing" target="&#95;blank" rel="nofollow">plans page</a>.

All plans have unlimited spaces, unlimited users, free updates, access to documentation.

##### Can I try Frontender before I sign up?
Yes, there is a demo available on the <a href="https://getfrontender.com" target="&#95;blank" rel="nofollow">website</a>. The demo website is refreshed every 12 hours. Please feel free to change the demo site however you'd like, but keep in mind that other demo users can override your changes.

##### Are there any enterprise options available?
Absolutely, see <a href="https://getfrontender.com/for-agencies" target="&#95;blank" rel="nofollow">our website</a> for more information regarding plans for agencies.

##### What are my payment options?
<!-- @TODO Verify -->
Credit card. Stripe. t.b.d.

##### Is there a free version of Frontender available?
<!-- @TODO Verify -->
You're allowed to try a single website with a single scope for free.

##### My current plan is not sufficient, how can I upgrade to a larger plan?
You can upgrade/downgrade your plan whenever you want, update your plan in the <a href="https://mygetfrontender.com" target="&#95;blank" rel="nofollow">Space Dashboard</a>.

Please <a href="https://getfrontender.com/for-agencies" target="&#95;blank" rel="nofollow">visit the "for agencies" page</a> if you'd like to upgrade to an enterprise level plan.

Commit message:

- Improved categories - Added new pages - Added Frontender desktop pages

documentation/faq/pricing.md, after:

---
currentMenu: faq_pricing
---

# Pricing
##### How much does Frontender cost?
Pricing is based on the number of spaces and scopes you require.  
Plans are available from €49 per month, more information about prices and plans can be found on the <a href="https://getfrontender.com/pricing" target="&#95;blank" rel="nofollow">plans page</a>.

All plans have unlimited spaces, unlimited users, free updates, access to documentation.

##### Can I try Frontender before I sign up?
Yes, there is a demo available on the <a href="https://getfrontender.com" target="&#95;blank" rel="nofollow">website</a>. The demo website is refreshed every 12 hours. Please feel free to change the demo site however you'd like, but keep in mind that other demo users can override your changes.

##### Are there any enterprise options available?
Absolutely, see <a href="https://getfrontender.com/for-agencies" target="&#95;blank" rel="nofollow">our website</a> for more information regarding plans for agencies.

##### What are my payment options?
<!-- @TODO Verify -->
Credit card. <a href="https://stripe.com/gb" target="&#95;blank" rel="nofollow">Stripe</a>. t.b.d.


##### Is there a free version of Frontender available?
<!-- @TODO Verify -->
You get access to a free site with a single scope when you register an account with Frontender.

##### My current plan is not sufficient, how can I upgrade to a larger plan?
You can upgrade your plan whenever you want, update your plan in the <a href="https://mygetfrontender.com" target="&#95;blank" rel="nofollow">Space Dashboard</a>.  
It's also possible to purchase a secondary plan alongside your main plan.

Please <a href="https://getfrontender.com/for-agencies" target="&#95;blank" rel="nofollow">visit the "for agencies" page</a> if you'd like to upgrade to an enterprise level plan.
