documentation/faq/sites.md, before:

---
currentMenu: faq_sites
---

# Sites

##### How many sites can I edit using Frontender?
The Studious plan supports 1 site, up to 16 sites with the ambitious plan.
2 Scopes per site, additional scopes may be purchased in the <a href="https://mygetfrontender.com" target="&#95;blank" rel="nofollow">control panel</a>.

##### How do I manage my sites?
The space owner can manage, add or delete a site. The other user may, depending on the roles & tasks, also modify the site settings.  
Additional scopes for sites may be purchased in the <a href="https://mygetfrontender.com" target="&#95;blank" rel="nofollow">Space Dashboard</a>.

##### How do I request a new site?
Additional sites may be added in the <a href="https://mygetfrontender.com" target="&#95;blank" rel="nofollow">Space Dashboard</a>.

##### How do I grant editorial access to another user?
Access to the sites is based on a role & task system. The space owner can select the access rights of every role. All roles, except `Space manager`, may be added/removed by the Space manager.

Standard roles:
* Space Manager
* Project Manager
* Developer
* Designer

Tasks:
* Manage space
* Manage sites
* Manage users
* Code view

Commit message:

- Improved categories - Added new pages - Added Frontender desktop pages

documentation/faq/sites.md, after:

---
currentMenu: faq_sites
---

# Sites

##### How many sites can I edit using Frontender?
The Studious plan supports 1 site, up to 16 sites with the ambitious plan.
2 Scopes per site, additional scopes may be purchased in the <a href="https://mygetfrontender.com" target="&#95;blank" rel="nofollow">control panel</a>.

##### How do I manage my sites?
The space owner can add, manage or delete a site. The other user may, depending on the roles & tasks, also modify the site settings.  
Additional scopes for sites may be purchased in the <a href="https://mygetfrontender.com" target="&#95;blank" rel="nofollow">Space Dashboard</a>.

##### How do I request a new site?
Additional sites may be added in the <a href="https://mygetfrontender.com" target="&#95;blank" rel="nofollow">Space Dashboard</a>.

##### How do I grant editorial access to another user?
Access to the sites is based on a role & task system. The space owner can select the access rights of every role.

Roles are customisable, feel free to add new roles or delete existing ones. It's not possible to remove the `Space manager` role, it's required and may not be removed by the user.

Standard roles:
* Space Manager
* Project Manager
* Developer
* Designer

Tasks:
* Manage space
* Manage sites
* Manage users
* Code view
